hello-containers/README.md, before:

# Hello World on IBM Cloud Code Engine
IBM Cloud Code Engine allows you to run your application, job or container on a managed serverless platform. With code engine, you can auto-scale your workloads and only pay for the resources you consume. In this tutorial, we'll deploy an application, see it running, and then watch it scale down to zero when no longer in use.

## Create a new IBM Cloud Code Engine application.
1. From the IBM Cloud catalog, select [Code Engine](https://cloud.ibm.com/codeengine/overview).
1. Click `Start Creating` under Run your container image.
1. Code Engine can run both Applications and Jobs. Jobs are a run to completion workload - they are designed to run one time and exit. Applications run your code to serve HTTP requests. In this tutorial, we're deploying an `Application,` which should already be selected.
1. You will need a Project for your Application to live in. Projects are used to organize and group together entities like applications, jobs, and builds. Click `Create Project` under Project. Give your project a name and click `Create.`
1. Give your application a name. Something like `helloworld-app` would be appropriate.
1. In this case, we have already built the container image and stored it on dockerhub. The container image for this application is at `docker.io/ibmcom/helloworld`. It should already be entered in the `Image Reference` field.
1. Click Deploy.
1. Your application should have been created successfully. Let's go try it out and see it in action!

## Try out your application
1. Once your application has deployed, you should notice that there is 1 instance of your application created.
1. The helloworld application is an application that prints Hello World as well as some various environment variables for the application. You can visit your application by clicking on the `Application url` button. You should see that it has printed Hello World, as well as the mentioned environment variables.
1. Code Engine Applications will automatically scale up, and then back down to zero as required based on load to the application. Go back to the Code Engine Application overview page. If you wait some time, you should notice that your application instances should go back down to zero due to a lack of traffic to your application. If you go back to the application page and refresh the page - or otherwise send a request to the application - you should see an instance spin up. 

## Update Environment Variables
1. IBM Cloud Code Engine enables you to update various Runtime and Environment Variables for your application. Let's add an Environment Variable to our application.
1. Click the Environment variable tab.
1. Add an environment variable named `test` with a value of `testing`. 
1. Click `Save and deploy`.
1. Once the changes have deployed you can refresh your application URL you should see an environment variable added at the bottom of the environment variables list.

## Update Instance Number
1. For some applications we may want to limit the amount that our application can scale up - or maybe we always want to keep a minimum of one instance of our application up. We can easily modify these settings for our Application by updating our runtime settings. Click the `Runtime` tab.
1. Change `Minimum number of instances` from 0 to 1.
1. Once the changes have deployed, you should notice that your application never scales back down to 0. You can also edit other runtime settings like application memory, concurrency, or timeout.

## Revisions
1. Each time you make a change to your application, Code Engine creates a new Revision. Click the `Revisions and Traffic` Tab. 
1. You can see that you have three revisions, one for each of your changes, and currently 100% of traffic is going to your latest revision.

Commit message:

update hello world with spell check

hello-containers/README.md, after:

# Hello World Application on IBM Cloud Code Engine
IBM Cloud Code Engine allows you to run your application, job or container on a managed serverless platform. With code engine, you can auto-scale your workloads and only pay for the resources you consume. In this tutorial, we'll deploy an application, see it running, and then watch it scale down to zero when no longer in use.

## Create a new IBM Cloud Code Engine application.
1. From the IBM Cloud catalog, select [Code Engine](https://cloud.ibm.com/codeengine/overview).
1. Click `Start Creating` under Run your container image.
1. Code Engine can run both Applications and Jobs. Jobs are a run to completion workload - they are designed to run one time and exit. Applications run your code to serve HTTP requests. In this tutorial, we're deploying an `Application,` which should already be selected.
1. You will need a Project for your Application to live in. Projects are used to organize and group together entities like applications, jobs, and builds. Click `Create Project` under Project. Give your project a name and click `Create.`
1. Give your application a name. Something like `helloworld-app` would be appropriate.
1. In this case, we have already built the container image and stored it on Docker Hub for you. The container image for this application is at `docker.io/ibmcom/helloworld`. It should already be entered in the `Image Reference` field.
1. Click Deploy.
1. Your application should have been created successfully. Let's go try it out and see it in action!

## Try out your application
1. Once your application has deployed, you should notice that there is 1 instance of your application created.
1. The helloworld application is an application that prints Hello World as well as some various environment variables. This application has been deployed and hosted by IBM Cloud Code Engine and is now publicly available for all of your users! You can visit your application in the browser by clicking on the `Application url` button. You should see that it has printed Hello World, as well as the mentioned environment variables.
1. Code Engine also provides you with the ability to test your application by sending a request to it and viewing the response. Go back to Code Engine and click the `Test application` button. This should print the same output that you saw by visiting the application at its url.
1. Code Engine Applications will automatically scale up to handle load, and then back down to zero when there is no longer load going to the application. If you wait some time without making requests to the application, you should notice that your application instances should scale down to zero due to a lack of traffic to your application. 
1. After the application has scaled down to zero, if you send a request to your application through the test application button or by visiting the URL, you should see the instance count go back up to 1.

## Load Test the Application
IBM Cloud Code Engine handles the scaling of your application for you. Let's try load testing this application to see it scale up more than just one instance to handle the load.
1. Go to the load [testing application](http://load.fun.cloud.ibm.com/). This application will simulate about 300 different clients hitting a provided URL for 30 seconds.
1. Put your application url in the `URL` box at the top of the screen. You can find your application URL by clicking the `Application URL` button on the code engine application page, and then copying the URL from the browser. It should be something like: `https://hellworld-test.1234abcd.us-south.codeengine.appdomain.cloud/`
1. Click `Generate Load`.
1. Go back to your code engine application overview page. You should see the `instances` scaling up from 0 to handle the load. You should see the instances scale up to around 10. It stops scaling at 10 because the default maximum number of instances is 10.

## Update Instance Number
1. For some applications we may want to limit the amount that our application can scale up - or maybe we always want to keep a minimum of one instance of our application up. We can easily modify these settings for our Application by updating our runtime settings. Click the `Runtime` tab.
1. Note the maximum instances is set to 10 as we noticed during the load test.
1. Change `Minimum number of instances` from 0 to 1.
1. Once the changes have deployed, you should notice that your application never scales back down to 0. You can also edit other runtime settings like application memory, concurrency, or timeout.

## Update Environment Variables
1. IBM Cloud Code Engine enables you to update various Runtime and Environment Variables for your application. Let's add an Environment Variable to our application.
1. Click the Environment variable tab.
1. Add an environment variable named `test` with a value of `testing`. 
1. Click `Save and deploy`.
1. Once the changes have deployed you can refresh your application URL you should see an environment variable added at the bottom of the environment variables list.


## Revisions
1. Each time you make a change to your application, Code Engine creates a new Revision. Click the `Revisions and Traffic` Tab. 
1. You can see that you have three revisions, one for each of your changes, and currently 100% of traffic is going to your latest revision.
